## Mechanism Proposal (01/16/2021)
Another possible mechanism for how this might occur is a multi-protein interaction between non-structural proteins (nsps) that are translated from the ORF1a and ORF1b regions of the SARS-CoV-2 genome. The specific nsps that could be involved in this mechanism are nsp12, nsp14 and nsp10. Nsp12 encodes for the catalytic subunit of the RNA-dependent RNA polymerase [3]. Nsp14 has two domains, the N-terminal 3’-5’ exoribonuclease (ExoN) domain and the C-terminal methyl transferase (N7-MTase domain) [1]. However, nsp14 needs to be activated by nsp10 to function. These two proteins combine to form a heterodimer called the nsp14-nsp10 complex which directly interacts with nsp12 and is involved in the mRNA synthesis process by methylating the 5’ cap and proofreading the new mRNA [2]. My proposition is that the nsp14-nsp10 complex is involved in the creation of the various subgenomic mRNAs by removing nucleotides between the 5’ cap and the rest of the RNA molecule (via the ExoN domain) while the pulling the now methylated 5’ cap (via the N7-MTase domain) towards the remaining RNA strand to be spliced together.

### Sources:
Ma, Yuanyuan et al. “Structural basis and functional analysis of the SARS coronavirus nsp14-nsp10 complex.” *Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America* vol. 112,30 (2015): 9436-41. doi:10.1073/pnas.1508686112\
Rangan, Ramya et al. “RNA genome conservation and secondary structure in SARS-CoV-2 and SARS-related viruses: a first look.” *RNA (New York, N.Y.)* vol. 26,8 (2020): 937-959. doi:10.1261/rna.076141.120
Rastogi, Meghana et al. “SARS coronavirus 2: from genome to infectome.” *Respiratory research* vol. 21,1 318. 1 Dec. 2020, doi:10.1186/s12931-020-01581-z